Fix up tap_code functionality (#4609)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_macros.md

This will send `register_code(<kc>)` and then `unregister_code(<kc>)`. This is useful if you want to send both the press and release events ("tap" the key, rather than hold it).

> You can add a delay between the register and unregister event by adding `#define TAP_CODE_DELAY 100` to your `config.h` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're having issues with taps (un)registering, you can add a delay between the register and unregister events by setting `#define TAP_CODE_DELAY 100` in your `config.h` file. The value is in milliseconds.
```
Expand the explanation a bit.
